e
good morning folks how are you
you would give me a audio check on
Twitter I'd appreciate
it audio sounds pretty good on my end so
you should be
okay right there's our opening price
I don't have a whole lot of expectation
this morning but I'll sit with youall I
was going to
defer a live stream until this afternoon
but uh I have plans that I wasn't aware
of according to my
wife gentlemen you know how that works
um to that prevent that from happening
so I'll just hang out with yall this
morning till about 10:30 and then we'll
break
again got a lot of feedback from
yesterday's lesson appreciate that
trading view is really lagging
just being quiet the audio was
fine I had a couple guys say that they
couldn't hear me yesterday talking as
well so I'm not sure that's on your
end for
it's a little too
smooth
for e
es is a bit of a
mess let take a quick look at Dow
oops there's
decoupling that's pretty it's pretty
expected actually when there's no news
due out that morning or this morning
rather see how they go in different
directions that makes it a lot harder
for precision to
be available to you because I mean you
can't trade it this means
that you're trading with lower
probability I've done it before
but if you're a new Trader new student
it's not something you should be trying
to do all three of the averages should
be moving together if it's a trading
asset that you're like for instance I'm
I'm monitoring NASDAQ on the regular so
if that's my asset class I want to trade
as the indices for stock indices and the
specific instrument being the
NASDAQ I look for the S&P and the Dow to
be moving in the same
direction if I'm W to be long I want to
see something that's supporting the idea
for all three of them
bullish I'm watching this little Gap
right in
here
for for
I like the idea that upper portion of
that Gap not being treed
to yes is making a a lower low let's
take a quick look at
that it's come out on a 15 this
there's your s side I'm not going to
label it because I'm I don't really care
so much about this
one and th is just a mess
[Music]
if it runs for the cell side it's just
going to be one of those instances where
the first percent of everybody Gap
doesn't give you an
entry and
you remind yourself that it's decoupling
it means there's the mixed Direction on
all three averages Dow doing its own
thing
for
journaling it reinforces the idea of
being highly selective on the days that
you want to enter or the sessions that
you want to enter
on you want all the things going for you
in your trades instead of just looking
for any old thing to get me into a trade
that's a 20-year-old ict's uh version of
trying to trade if it was oversold that
was enough
reason it's enough reason to get in
there now
I'm watching this uh volume AB balance
[Music]
now the question probably comes up in
your mind is okay if you're noticing how
the indices are doing different things
one is he going One Direction other is
doing the other direction what what does
that mean for me as an analyst what does
that mean for me as the trader what does
that mean for Action where's the
actionable ideas on that well you have a
choice you can sit and wait for the
indices during the morning session to
either
come together in terms of agreement
where they start moving in tandem
sometimes that happens in the same
session sometimes it takes the morning
session to sort all that out in over the
lunch hours then the afternoon becomes a
little bit better to trade or it can on
the worst case scenario it can stay
decoupled all day and make
very problematic conditions for trading
unless you're really really short term
and you're just taking the life
uh in you know the the things that would
instigate you ticket and trade the
smallest of things to do that which I'm
not a fan of I don't teach that that
anyone should do that the more things
you have in your in your favor the
better but these are actually
better these are better teaching
environments
because nobody wants to talk about these
these types of days they want to talk
about when they made money or when it
was easy for them and that's the easy
part of learning and that's the easy
part
of being a teacher when it's easy
everything looks like it's perfect but
when you're met with the realities of
what the Market's going to give
you sometimes it's going to give you a
curveball where you're not getting all
the indices in agreement let's take
quick look at Dow once
more I would not want to trade
that that's nothing there it's
really it looks like chew bubblegum all
right so we look at
uh the
es so far the only thing that makes
sense even though it's not in agreement
with any of the other two indices uh
NASDAQ still looks okay and I'll go over
what I mean by that um we' we've been
weak we did not get a return back into
first percent of fair value Gap that's
fine we have bearish order block trades
up into here notice the bodies inside
this Gap the body stay rate at
consequent encroachment or lower these
are the damage inducing uh events where
the Wicks are allowed to do that type of
damage and let me roll back
down rotation out of the volume IM
balance even with the decoupling I'd
like to still see that cell side
deliver but then because it's
mixed because it's mixed I would like to
see some kind of return back into the
range which is likely to see it come
back under here that's a scenario see
how see it straight down into cell side
explore a little bit lower than that and
then if it can make its way back up in
here I would look for as long as the Dow
stays basically unruly brat doing what
it wants to do um and if the NASDAQ you
shrugs off any weakness as
well back up in here and going into uh
the second half of the am session that
would be something I would look for it
doesn't mean it's exactly what I'm
looking for I'm looking for a scenario
after seeing the cide deliver like it
just did
[Music]
here one of the the best things you can
do is give yourself permission early on
is to let TR pan out when it's highly
unlikely for precision to be there so we
can still see elements to the things I
teach but these are the types of little
things that'll probably mess you up
because you could probably look at this
and say okay I said he like this fair
value cap so maybe some of you pushed
the button if you did you you failed
because even though it did it did
deliver where we're looking for sell
side it doesn't mean that you should
have taken that trade because if you've
listened even though it's done this it's
not a high probability trade that means
these are the types of setups or
movements in price action that I'm
comfortable sitting on the sideline and
just watching them paint and tap read
them watch them observe them go over
them with my son if he's sit next to me
or send screenshots to them and say hey
look look at take look at this see what
it did here not being a participant in
it these types of scenarios happen all
the time but the very very Choice setups
for you to get in they're not as
frequent as these are going to be and
that's the problem with impatient
Traders impatient um
undisciplined without a model without a
protocol or procedure that they follow
or a high demand on quality setups where
everything is an
agreement let's take a quick look at the
DAT once more see if it's changed
anything I'm still working on one screen
because I want to again emphasize the
importance of look at that so it's going
the another Direction
and then es let's take a quick look at
that no real expansion on the downside
but it still has its cell side right
there so I would venture to
say let's take a couple things here
them volume imbalance right here I'm
just going to make it with a rectangle
if you don't mind just just save some
time
so get that it has cide down here as
[Music]
well
okay and back into en
you can
see rather anemic opening range Gap
again and this happens that fa uh the
first Fair Gap forms actually in that
same area as
well so we have taken celide on a mixed
decoupled am session during the opening
range we have a couple more minutes
still for the first 30 minutes to to
book now two scenarios on a on a morning
like this where the averages are doing
different things Dow's going up n sorry
NASDAQ best performing on the downside
and then you have the es that is moved a
little bit but it hasn't quite made the
same type of delivery for its sell side
down here yet so it's being like I said
it's snubbing any weakness as I was
indicating earlier like I want to see if
it fails to go lower if it does that
it's going to run for the buy side here
for ES and maybe explore the orders up
in that area there not that it me to
know how many orders there are that's
where the the buy side was
be these two lows I'm sorry these two
highs with this one being lower than
this one and then this High over here
back it out a little bit and you see
these are really clean
little almost too perfect isn't it so if
it fails to go below the cell side
NASDAQ turns turns to come back up into
its range that would be where my eye
would go to
for but it's conditional so notice I'm
saying these things have to accompany
other things it's not just simply me
saying es is going there we still have
to work out the uncertainty of this cell
side being taken or not in agreement
with the
NASDAQ returning back up into its range
uh that would indicate this could
potentially become an inversion fair
value Gap if that is what is likely to
see
unfold and that may support a run back
up into maybe the first delivery to
First of fair value Gap and back into
the opening range gap which is kind of
sharing the same real estate in terms of
price range and I'll go back out to
regular trading hours just for a moment
to show you what I mean by
that so we have the settlement price
here yesterday I'm just going to use it
with the lines if you don't
mind and
we'll this
and then open open price
[Music]
today and then we can go back out to
electronic trading
hours so you can see there's
two two frames of reference in here we
have the first present the fair G that
never got traded to yet despite being
delivered to downside and sell side it
did not get traded back into here after
creating it so this candle never made it
up there and no subsequent candle after
that made its way up there so the the
constellation prize was that we could
see this Fair valap
forming here and the bodies were laid
down and buried right at the consequent
encroachment that that separation
between this candlestick's low that
candlesticks High and the Wicks were
permitted to do the
damage so it's this is just simply
returning back into these two
consecutive up closed candles where
because they're two consecutive up
closed candles you use the opening price
of the lowest that's this one right here
that's that's your order Buck or change
in a state of delivery where price was
delivering by side that means it's
moving higher and then it changes and
goes lower so change in state of
delivery is that opening price and you
can see it going right there and it
returns and trades lower just for good
measure it turns right back to this
candlestick's low as well look at the
low of that
20,37
even and the high comes in
20,37 point2 which is a perfect delivery
to this candlestick's low plus one tick
per
spread more quick look at the the
Dow again being a brat doing what doing
what it wants to do and
Es okay let's extend this out a little
bit more see we've already hit it
there L the consequent encouragement of
this
Wick see I'll hit that right there and
in a perfect world it would roll out of
this and go down and attack its sell
side liquidity
see how it's very very difficult to
frame any kind of stop loss and all
this if you're trying to be short so
that's one of the things that you have
to you're just going to have to accept
that there are going to be times where
you're not being afforded a very lowrisk
entry or an entry at all despite knowing
where it might potentially still trade
to and in the beginning you know as a
student of price action especially
learning from me um it's real easy to
get caught up in the frenzy of trying to
use something you just learned
especially if you see our community
members that are sharing their immediate
you know success with something that
they just watched me outline and teach
for the first time or maybe amplify
something that they thought they
understood and now they're like okay now
I have a new A New U Breath of Life and
interest around something I used to like
but I haven't been paying around playing
around with it too much and then you see
them doing something that makes them uh
profitable or shows a uh a profitable
Endeavor using it so that means you want
to go out there you want try to do it
right away too and you'll lose focus and
not recognize the opportunities that are
not being afforded to you because you're
just wanting it to go to a draw on
liquidity and that's not enough you have
to know that
that's this Market
climate where there's a decoupling or
the averages are doing opposite things
they're not doing the same thing okay
that was a neat little turn back up into
the opening price there hammer it
perfectly
um there's nothing in here to frame an
entry on so the only thing we're really
watching and observing is does it have
the ability to rotate out of this and
attack the cell side which is the only
thing that makes sense down here doesn't
mean that it can't go higher it just
means that if it does who cares you
wouldn't have been short because there's
nothing in here to frame it to for the
risk there's no way to
uh feel good about taking the trade
because you have decoupling so I'm
speaking to the folks that are trading
es by the way because I have a lot of
students saying you never talk about es
why don't you like es I like the
volatility and the price delivery in NQ
because NQ is a little bit more
exaggerated uh it's only 100 stocks
versus 500 stocks that makes its
Composite Index up so
S&P is a little bit slower it's a little
bit like
um it's kind of like conac I'm not a
drinker but it's like A
conac and Es is kind of like uh Johnny
Walker or Jack Daniels okay you want to
get your ass tore up real quick you
drink the cheap stuff and you can drink
a lot more of it and it's fun it's fast
it's an easy good time but if you don't
you're doing it can wreck you es is a
little bit more sophisticated it's a
little bit more well-rounded okay
and the
uh the interest in volatility is my
number one concern for trading because
that's what I want as a Trader I need
that movement and it's a lot easier to
see that movement outlined in inq versus
something like the the S&P here
I I can see even though the muddied
Waters of the decoupling this morning we
still were able to faired out you know
certain aspects of price but it's not
enough to Warrant an entry because just
because you got in a trade you know who
cares if I would have got in here on
that who cares if I would have you took
profit down here or had a runner still
that takes another par shop below that
low and if it delivered who cares it
would it would not mean anything to me
as a as educator because I've already
outlined it as it's a decoupled market
it means it doesn't have the highest
degree of probability and as an educator
I'm trying to teach you to focus on
those circumstances not just simply
because oh there's a PD array and
there's a liquidity pool so let's couple
those together and just throw anything
at the wall and see what sticks as a
short and then you wonder why you're
getting chopped up your account being
ground down blown accounts failed
combines failed funded accounts losing
real money and then failure it's because
you're forcing things in in
conditions
faster than you should in other words
you're you're taking a leap of faith
when it doesn't warrant that whereas if
you had a lot of things going in your
favor where all the indices all three
were in agreement they were moving in
the same direction we traded back to the
first presented fair value Gap when then
it showed displacement after that then
then it's easy we could drop down to a
15-second chart and take the very next
fair value G and trade you know in in
that direction it need not be
complicated but what does make it
complicated is you wrestling with your
emotions and your impatience because you
just simply want to get in here and do
something especially if you've never
made money or a profitable trade even in
demo yet using the material on
teaching you're you're rushing to get to
that one moment where it worked in your
hands because you're telling yourself if
it does this then I will be able to
stick with it because it's it's hard to
learn how to be disciplined it's hard
not it's not hard to learn from me if
anybody gives you really specific rules
and a lot a lot of limitations to say it
that way um it's going to be hard to
learn under that I'm looking at this
little Gap right
here yes should be rolling over
[Music]
really
ugly really really
ugly but one of the things that I've
appreciated as a educator in this year's
mentorship lectures is the feedback in
the comments I see all of your comments
by the way um some of you are doing it
very uh smart by taking and leaving
little time stamps for things for your
notes
uh no one else sees them I can see them
but you're you're using the comment
section on the 2024 mentorship videos as
a way of annotating it like it's your
own personal Journal that's the that's
the right way of using my comment
section okay um but I see every comment
every single one of them they're really
long ones I generally skip over them
because I don't have time to go through
all that stuff and I'm sure they're very
nice comments or whatever but I don't
have time to read that kind of stuff so
but usually the real short to the point
thank you so much or um could you talk
about this or I didn't understand that I
use all those things to kind of go into
the discussion points in my next lecture
or if I come back around and talk about
that topic again I'll pull from my notes
any like bullet point things I want to
kind of ring into the
conversation the uh the feedback of you
know knowing when to sit still because
the folks that are being
honest and saying that they have had uh
difficulty initially and now they're
becoming a little bit more responsible
and they're admitting that their results
that were adverse initially was due to
their impatience and then trying to do
something too fast before they
understood what they were doing and also
forcing my Concepts in conditions that I
am as the author would never do it like
I'm explaining today what it is that
makes this morning a little bit more
problematic it doesn't mean it's
impossible it just means that it's going
to be harder for you as a new trador new
student to navigate it hey
hush
so let's take a quick look at down once
more Scout's got always got a her name's
Scout s c o u t not scalp like like Boy
Scout like snipe
uh scout sniper that's that's that's
basically what I her after she's always
got to show herself don't
she hey hey little girl how it
up you had your cameo for this
morning and look at this price action
compare that with what we just saw in
the
Dow and then now the
NDA
second shut her
up e
sorry about
that all right so I'd like to see if it
can come back up in to the range here
it's it's done enough exploring for me
if it wants to go back up in here I
would like to see it come back and trade
back into the opening range
Gap would not want to short it would not
be interested in chasing it
lower S&P is shrugging off any
willingness to want to go
lower so look at the low here at 951
to
present okay and then look at the
NASDAQ
lower in NASDAQ which is what we
expected anyway we want we wanted to see
the NASDAQ lead to the downside but the
uh the S&P I mentioned earlier I said
I'd like to see if it's going to show an
unwillingness and kind of like shrug off
any weakness we've we've seen that thus
far so in other words the the S&P has
not been wanting to go lower and you can
already see how it's showing its
willingness to want to go higher now and
not go lower focus in here and over
here and then the minor one it's
here and then
Dow still wanting to do what it wants to
do the old
brat all right
and I think we're a little too far
extended to want to come back into this
I mean it can but I I wouldn't demand
it and now this one right in here
remember I was telling you earlier that
could end up becoming an inversion fair
value Gap if we were to trade back into
the range after break now below to the
cell side we've seen so far over here
now cell side resides
here
that and what we want to see what I
would rather see is um Dow continue
doing what it's doing going higher or
consolidate not drop let me go back into
the Dow
Dal either stays going higher or
consolidates and
allows
es to hold its ground not break below
this low we don't want to see that
and notice this Wick that I was drawing
on this consequent encroachment it's
stopped it here traded back above it and
then bodies consequent encroachment of
this Wick
and then the low of that Candlestick
right there you see that and then this
volume IM balance we traded through it
and look what happened right here the
body stopped on that high of the volume
of balance and it stopped on the body
right there at the open and started
rallying and it went down into it but
didn't breach it see that it's
interesting isn't it back into this fair
value Gap but the liquidity rests here
so it doesn't make any sense for it to
come all the way up here just to get to
that it's already shown it's not wanting
to go to its own cell sign which was
down there
so so far even though it's decoupled if
you you're going to want to listen to
this again even though it's not an
exciting lecture it's teaching you
visibility through this Chao uh
decoupling between the three averages
doing all different things I'm pulling
out the things that are Salient what
would be Catalyst for the market to see
it back into its
range the S&P would shake off any
weakness that means it sets the stage
for what smt Divergence which it was not
willing to make lower lows here
here when the
NASDAQ was able to make lower lows and
now we're trading up into this Gap
here so we want to see does it want to
trade it can accumulate in here and run
right out of that that's that's one of
the caveats to an inversion fair value
Gap if a Market's extremely strong and
you're expecting it to perform like like
I've outlined here before before we even
move back up into to I said once we hit
sell side if the es fails to shrug off
I'm sorry if if it fails and shrugs off
weakness that means it fails to drop
down which is what we've seen so far um
then this could become an inversion fair
value got and then we watched the NASDAQ
create lower low but then the es failed
to make a lower low at the same
time that the NASDAQ did that lower low
at the same time that the the Dow just
keeps going higher
so the way these indices could come back
into agreement and become symmetrical is
Dow stays Consolidated don't don't don't
lose any ground don't go lower or keep
going higher and then es fails to make a
lower low and that's what we've seen so
far NASDAQ makes the lower low and then
comes back into its range and
uses this as an inversion fair value Gap
now the caveat is it can just leave this
thing never come back down and touch it
and use it as a discount array so that's
why sometimes if I'm extremely if I'm
really convicted on the idea that I
think the Market's going to go higher in
this instance I'd be taking the trade as
it's hitting this candlestick's high
right there we trading right at this
point now because it's in consequent
approach I'm just going to highlight the
midpoint of it so that way it kind of
like highlights the halfway
point in instances where it's really
bullish it affords me to get my first
six contracts on
and I may not get my four contracts if
it comes back down and touches the high
of the um the gap which is this
candlestick's low so that's why many
times if you look at my examples I'm
entering inside of an inversion fair
value gap before it actually proves
itself to you as my students because I
understand a little bit more what I'm
looking for and I've also had instances
where it just runs right out of the
inversion fa Gap and I don't get either
my fill or my second partial to build
into a pyramided position so it's it's
kind of like a knack thing um I don't
have any rules that I could adequately
explain to know when it just runs away
from the inversion fair value Gap it
just just happens it's kind of like the
same thing we've seen here where I
identified for you the first presented
fair value Gap but it it didn't deliver
to it as a short okay well because it
dropped lower we watched this thing
pretty pretty closely this morning we
called out the the S&P um potentially
shaking off any weakness and in that
keep going higher so we have a decoupled
market and we were able to still see
certain aspects in what price is likely
to do doesn't mean it's going to always
do it I get it wrong a lot when it's
decoupled don't don't think for a second
I'm trying to sell you on the idea that
I'm 100% in inaccurate when there's a
decoupling between the three averages
when I say it becomes complicated and
complex for precision I mean it because
there's a lot of things that would
otherwise be in play that I could point
out to and say look at this and look at
that look at that we're seeing a lot
less of that here there's enough of them
obviously for you to scratch your head
and say wow there really is something to
this but it's not enough for me to feel
convicted enough to get in there and
press the button and enter with real
money that that's kind of like what I'm
trying to get at
so just know that if you're feeling the
impulse to want to send me a comment
about can you teach us to know when it's
never going to come back to the
inversion faue got I don't have a way to
articulate that that that's an that's
a I don't know that's that's that's a
limitation on me as a mentor I just
don't know how to teach that it's
there's a lot of things I have those
types of things with that I'll never
they're like taboo conversations where
I'm never going to bring them up because
to do so or use them in a trade idea and
trade them execute on them and say this
is my so and
so um if I don't have a way of
explaining it to my kids I'm certainly
not going to have it to explain it to
you so it's just one of those things I
have in my back pocket that it's an
experience thing it's something I've
acquired over years of doing it and it's
not something that's an advant it's it's
not an advantage it's just a me it's a
me thing to justify why I don't have to
have a return back to that inversion
fair value Gap because my compensation
is I just go in when I know I'm bullish
I'll just enter inside of the inversion
fa value G as it touches the candle that
enters it which is here we saw that
there and I said or I'll just go in at
the consequent encroachment and look at
the bodies of the candles right there
you see that and then we've already
delivered here so this is right here
more than most of the folks you see on
live streamers that they're trying to
capture something like
that all live explain to you even in a
little bit more difficult
Market but the these are the kind of
lectures that I wish someone was
teaching when I was coming up in 1992
because that would have really helped me
slow down and I would have not hurt
myself as much as I
did because I was in a rush to try to
make money and quit my job and get out
of you know poverty basically you I was
living paycheck to paycheck with a
part-time job and in school so it was it
was a
wreck let's take a quick look at the Dow
once more
okay
and
B do the buy side here it's probably
random and then we would want to see it
uh just for good measure I'd like to see
it go up here and smoke those highs
right
there we could do that before uh 10:30
Phil I'd appreciate it it's
a friendly
request and then back to
NASDAQ see how we just keep gaining
ground and we never came back into what
would be viewed as inversion fair value
Gap
um if you're extremely bullish and what
you've already outlined or anticipate as
an inversion fair value guy if you're
bullish like if you're really really
bullish why would would you wait for it
to come away from it and then come back
down that is a
um in a lot of ways that is
a slow to the dance party or last to the
dance floor perspective um if if you're
really want to get out there and Boogie
and get down then get out there and get
down so if I know I'm bullish once we
enter this area in here I already have
the conviction that I want to see it use
it as a inversion fa value capap so why
would I give up the opportunity to take
an entry at a very low price inside that
inversion fair value Gap like at the top
of that Candlestick here or at the mean
thres oops mean threshold the consequent
encouragement which is the midpoint of
this Gap and you can see the body's
delivering on that basis right there and
that to me is you know again a signature
that I try to press upon us as my
students to say look you know what's the
chances of that happening where the
bodies closed and open of the second
candle occur right at the midpoint you
these are things that I keep teaching
you to look for and it's a farce for
everyone to come out here and say that
doesn't agree with an algorithmic price
delivery mechanism or engine that
delivers price they'll say it's buying
and selling pressure and my question is
is how on Earth how on Earth did the
buyers and sellers agree to allow the
candlesticks that are time based here
and the time based Candlestick is your
advantage these Reno things or whatever
else kind of bars you want to call it
range bars they are not going to give
you the Insight that the algorithm is
literally never going to be able to hide
from you it's never ever ever going to
be able to hide from you as long as
you're utilizing the aspect of time
first and that's what an open high low
close or a Candlestick with open high
low and close U function is in charting
so if you're looking at Price through
the lens of this
mechanism you're never going to be lost
it doesn't mean you're going to be right
about everything you're looking for it
just means that you're never going to
not be able to see what the algorithm's
doing but when they get in there and
they intervene you also can see that too
you can also see when that's occurring
you cannot see that with rangeb barss
you cannot see that with kinashi you
can't see that with all this other non
nonsense these things these gimmicks
they're all designed I'm watching this
little Gap right here I know it's hard
to see because I got my water mark on
it that little Gap
there I don't want to paint over top of
what I already have here because I'm
watching does it want it to spike into
this and then try to continue on or does
it want to use this order block right
here the
U I'm waiting to see if it can get up in
the first presented Fair got that's kind
of like really what I'm want to see and
I'm hoping it could do that before we
close session but if it doesn't do it by
10:30 you know I'll leave you with my
comments before I close the stream down
but this is enough enough this is a
profitable study so far because we're
working in a problematic condition
you're not going to hear a live streamer
explain to you what's going on why the
markets are decoupled you're not going
to explain to you which which Market's
going to behave a certain way which
one's going to fail to make a lower low
and which one is going to make a low and
come back in range that's exactly what
you watch me do today there's no way
around that it's exactly what you watch
me do I've explained it I gave you
details um I tried to be very succinct
about it today because I had a lot of
fun yesterday in case you didn't notice
but I wanted to be uh a little bit more
um academic with you
today and based on what we were watching
this morning um it gave me a wonderful
stage to do that
because you got to know how to trade if
you're going to navigate these types of
markets like today if you don't know how
to trade you're not going to know what
I'm telling you you're not going to see
it and and know that okay this is not
something I want to be participating in
and that's
experience and most of these live
streamers they don't have that kind of
experience no knock against any of them
really but they don't have
it so we're back inside that order block
I was mentioning right here still still
could come right back down in and hit
that inversion fa B Gap it's not it's
not out of the realm of uh possibilities
it still can do that because there's a
little Gap in here but preferably I'd
like to see that stay open if I could
see that stay open that would fuel a run
higher than the first Prive fair value
Gap and a gap closure and then this even
here but more so back to this buy side
there that
line and despite everything that's been
outlined here I have absolutely zero
interest in being in the
marketplace and couple that
with the visibility knowing what I'm
looking for even though it's something
I'm not willing to trade still being
able to anticipate what is likely to
happen in price on a one minute chart
where it's supposed to be just
noise remember Goldman Sachs Guys these
alumni from Goldman Sachs they're going
to tell you that there's no Rhyme or
Reason Why the Market's going to go up
no one can tell you no con man can tell
you when it's going to move or how it's
going to go up or where it's going to
move to on these lower time frames but
they're going to say only higher tank
frames work price is doing the same
thing on that higher time frame chart
that it's dealing on a lower time frame
it's not it's not a different price it's
the same price it's behaving the same
way whatever price is at the market at
any given moment whether we're looking
at a one minute chart a 30 second chart
a onec chart a weekly chart it's still
it's still the same
price and these are Goldman Sachs boys
that are telling that these are supposed
to be the the elites they're not
Elites they're
not and you're seeing that there's
literally no reason to believe these
type of people that tell you they try to
discourage
you when you're trying to learn how to
time the market correctly and there's a
way of doing it I mean I've proven it
I've have very very wealthy students now
that came out and they proved that they
have the receipts and whatnot and
they're using the same logic you're
learning right here and they're getting
more detail at the same time you're
learning it too in this 2024 mentorship
you're getting to see it over live price
action is exactly what I was doing with
mentorship
students and it's fascinating to see how
some people don't see the value in it
because this is exactly what I wanted
but I knew it didn't exist when I first
started in 1992 no one was willing to do
this not one person was willing to do
this and I guess in all fairness we I
guess we really didn't have the
technology at the time to do it I mean I
guess the best thing it was is that we
had message boards back then and we had
chat rooms okay great and it wasn't like
this where we can lit share the screen I
could comment or they could comment over
their charts live and build an idea
around what it should behave around what
it should be what should it do next and
why should it do this and why should it
not do the other
things and you can't get that from a
book okay you can't get that from people
even if you go to like a workshop or a
seminar most seminars are always
generally held on weekends where it it
protects the teacher from never having
the accountability and the
responsibility of proving it over life
price action and I've never been a fan
of that and there's a lot of well-known
quote unquote Educators out there that
did all these types of workshops you
know these three-day workshops or
two-day weekend work workshops where you
have the built-in parachute protection
of never being held to well tell me how
that would be used or seen in price
action live they don't have to do that
because it's on a Saturday and a Sunday
right or in a Friday evening where you
have a nice dinner experience with them
yeah screw that I don't have that I
don't have interest in that because if
you're not willing to get out here and
explain it to me real time over price
action you give me give me a little bit
of time you don't have to do it you for
a whole year you ain't got to do it for
you know six months but give me a couple
months at least how about a month sit
down and explain the logic of what
you're looking for in price action and
here I have been doing it with you all
and still I had students that said there
was no value in it and that tells you
that they're not willing to learn they
wanted signals that's what they wanted
they wanted to see signals generated and
the first thing you have to learn is
capital preservation knowing how you're
going to lose money in what type of
Market environment you're going to lose
money and if you can't recognize that
you're not going to recognize the
increased difficulty in you applying the
things that work in good markets
because the complexity of having a
market decoupled
and you trying to be demanding of
precision elements that may elude you
not because my Concepts don't work it's
just because you're literally trying to
run in
mud it doesn't work that way so you have
to be a little bit more reserved and say
okay I'm not trying to force a trade but
I am going to watch price action and see
if these things that are being outlined
are helpful are they indicating anything
in terms of prognostication
did you see the uh the es let's go back
to it real quick did you see the
es shrug off its unwillingness or not
want to go down to its lows here it
showed an unwillingness to do that as we
indicated this
morning and it would run for the byy
side here and it would run over here to
that now only a fraud could tell you
this beforehand okay I mean Union rules
as as you know the the committee tells
us every fraud has to you know tell you
in advance exactly where the price is
going to go on very complex days we have
to do that
because if we don't do that we can't be
kept in the union protection okay sister
Union rules is something we all have to
do folks it's just the way it is I can't
do anything about it but when we go back
to the
NQ make that in your documentary um we
have the market making that lower low in
in NASDAQ as I indicated would likely do
after it took its initial sell side
remember it was a little bit higher up
here it went down below it and then I
wanted to see it trade back into its
range if es failed to make a lower low
so what did I do I forecasted a smt
Divergence before it happened I told you
that we would see it return back into
its range and come back up into the
first presented fair value got and thank
you so much Phil for being a gentleman
today allowing it to happen before 10:30
and we're back inside the opening range
as well so what I would like to see it
do is just power on higher up and punish
those that are short that have their
stop loss sitting right there and if
they're going to run that
high then it's reasonable to anticipate
that little Lego
looking area price action I was
mentioning earlier
I got disoriented here I'm trying to
remember where I saw a little tiny
little segment of price action it was a
little too boxy
looking
anyway the key takeaways today are
simply this uh you're learning from
somebody knows what they're talking
about and I do a lot of things online to
stir up a lot of Comm
because it's my way of bringing traffic
to my channel because I don't advertise
or pay for advertisement I never do that
I manipulate the viewers mindset so that
way you're going to argue about
defending me or not defending me or
you're going to troll me and because
you're talking about me you're going to
bring people to my channel and they're
going to watch me do things like this
and then they're going to be stuck in a
quagmire because they're going to either
listen to your opinion that's biased
because I gave you that opinion because
I I manipulated that I put you in that
situation to make you feel empowered so
you can make videos about me and then
the people that watch your videos and
you get paid for that okay but I'm not
paying you but you're going to send
those viewers right to this Channel and
they're going to watch me outline this
stuff in advance and it's going to be a
question in their mind either I'm time
traveling I'm using delayed data if
they're watching the stream later on and
they're not here live but there's so
many people here watching it live it's
it's undeniable I'm on the lowest
latency the lowest latency on live
stream on YouTube that's why they don't
let me have the closed captions because
if any anyone wants a live stream and
test it themselves you'll see that you
cannot do close caption when you're
using the lowest latency so if I'm going
to be talking to you over a one minute
chart or less than a one minute chart
I'm going to use the lowest latency
because I want you to see there is no
delay okay I'm not using a delay chart
I'm not I'm not defrauding you with fake
delayed data and using Market replay I'm
not doing those things folks I don't
need that I don't need a handy cap like
that so the main takeaway is
this I know what my algorithm is going
to do yes it's mine okay it's very it's
very straightforward isn't it okay it's
the time to put the [__] aside it's
mine it's got my fingerprints all over
it mine okay when I talk to you I'm
talking to you as it's coder okay as its
author as its designer and engineer I am
the man I am the [__] man
whether you want to believe it or not I
don't give a [__] I don't
care if I'm not allowed to sit at the
table I'm going to make more of me
name don't you get it I hope you guess
my
name if I can sit here and tell you what
the Market's going to do and what Market
is going to do this and what Market's
going to do that before it does it and
then it behaves a certain way and it
delivers and I tell you an inversion Val
fair valap that was going to form here
it may not come back down and touch it
and you're looking for it to come back
down and trade there I'm telling you I'm
going to enter it right there as it
touches the candlestick's high and if I
don't get that price I'm going to get
the consequent encroachment and then it
runs away does it ever come back out
there and touch that no I told you I
wanted this Fair bag yet to stay open
why because that would be a breakaway
Gap it leaves this PD and if it's
breaking away it's not going to come
back down it could it could have done
that and then now would say that would
be an entry point right there but said I
would prefer it to stay open and I told
you I want to see it trade back up in
the opening range gap which is these two
blue lines here but more specifically I
want to see a trade back to my first
presented Fair valap that's what it's
coded to do that's why it's there that's
why it's designed to be there because it
gives me an edge it gives me the
advantage that none of you ever had none
of you ever had that Advantage none of
you ever had the ability to sit down and
know exactly why it should do and why it
should do certain things you've never
heard another person ever ever sit here
talk to you with the authority that I
it's never happened and I'm doing it
over live data so there's no joker that
can come around and say oh well look at
this and look at that look at everything
I want you to look at all that stuff and
come right here and watch me operate
that's what I want I love placing you in
the hot seat where you're forced to to
have you have to admit it you have to
admit it that you're not seeing anything
in retail
here you're watching someone that knows
exactly
what's going to
happen period and now you're left with
another testimony of that you have to
arm wrestle with how I knew how to do
this
today how how on Earth could this
possibly keep repeating every single day
every single day and you're out here
wanting to send money to these other
people that are literally resetting
their funded account challenges in front
of you and they're making money off of
you while failing in front of you not
knowing where the Market's going to go
but they have an opinion about everybody
else and I'm literally laying this in
your hands for
free for free there's no future
mentorship I have nothing dangling
there's no carrot there's nothing here
but just the simple truth I told you who
I was from the beginning but you don't
want to believe
me how many times do I gota keep doing
it how many times do you have to keep
seeing me do these things before you
recognize who I
am think
think folks how many times you have to
see
this it's
delicious so there's a lot of things
that you're going to be met with on days
like this and you're going to expect to
see certain things paning out if you
don't recognize the decoupling and the
decoupling again is
the unwillingness for all three averages
to move in the same direction okay and
as soon soon as you see this this is
what you want to write down in your
notes too because I didn't mention this
earlier as soon as you notice that
there's the decoupling between the three
averages where the Dow was going up
initially um let me do this because I
really want to be able to show it to
you all right
so
um let's do
this all right so here's the nasda chart
and then we're going to put the Dow
here I'll save this part and then I'm
going to close it I know you want I know
you want me to keep going going going
like the Energizer button but i' I've
done enough for today I want to take
care of some personal matters trying to
find Del Monti sliced carrots and I
don't know why I can't find them every
store I go to uh they don't have them
and that's my preferred carrot but I'm
not eating a raw carrot um for food
storage I
I prefer that one and I don't know why I
can't find them if you know where I can
get some I appreciate it but uh I'm on
to hunt
for Delonte
carrots so here is the es here
is um let's one thate chart on that the
th yeah Okay so we've
seen at 9:00 this morning the es it
drops
down
at 9 o' in the morning here we have a
little bit of movement lower and then
the Dow says oh absolutely not I'm not
interested it starts going higher at the
same time the the S&P was going lower
and at the same time we
see the NASDAQ dropping down okay in all
this mess
here because listen because there is no
symmetry meaning that the Dow was going
One Direction S&P was going lower and
NASDAQ was going lower that's fine how
can I still read the the NASDAQ like I
did because I had the the coupling that
still existed directionally with the es
I don't care so much about the Dow the
Dow tells me I'm going to decoupled
state that means I'm going to lose a lot
of precision that means I'm going to
lose a lot of uh resolution
invisibility of reading price action in
my
NASDAQ and I'm definitely going to have
a lot of resolution issues in the es
it's it's going to cause like a fuzzy
out of focus picture even though I can
see it's likely to keep going down and I
told you and listen you're gonna go back
and listen to the stream and hear me say
this I want to see es shrug off any
willingness to go lower by shrugging off
weakness that means a failing to go
lower if it fails to go down take it
cell side that's what I want to see I'm
waiting to see see that that means if
I'm expecting the nasda to go lower
that's going to do what it's going to
create an smt Divergence that means it's
going to fail to make a lower low on
ES when the NASDAQ does make a lower low
and then the NASDAQ will go up back into
its range and trade back to its first
percent of pair value Gap tell me who
called that tell me all you ICT
mentorship guys out there that are
trying to teach my stuff tell me that
you can go out there and do this tell me
because if you can do these types of
things then you earned the right to
teach my [__] because you can't do these
things you didn't author it you didn't
code it you didn't design it and you
didn't put it out there period simply
that you don't know what the [__] you're
doing so stop selling my [__] you don't
have the right to do it okay and all you
guys that have your channels up there
with my [__] they teaching it have you
notice I'm taking those channels down
yeah how about that you don't have the
right to put my [__] up on your channel
period my videos are my lectur stop
uploading my [__] and putting them in
your language because they're getting
stripped down and don't cry to me about
oh could you take the copyright Strike
Back [__] you I'm not taking it back you
don't have my permission to do
that I predicted with the logic explain
to you in this live stream why why the
smt diversions would occur in which
one the es would fail to make a lower
low it would shrug off weakness I knew
that was going to happen this is what
you're writing down in your notes when
you see decoupling and generally you're
going to see the Dow become that little
brat that's its usefulness to
me I don't care that if the Dow makes a
a lower low and the S&P fails to make a
lower low I don't see that as a
Divergence that that that's not to me
that's not smt because I know that the
the 30 stocks that make up the Dow are
not that impactful overall
but they will normally Bend to the
will of both the averages when es and
NASDAQ are going lower it goes without
reason it goes without saying that um
all boats rise in high tide and they all
go low um they drop in low tide okay
that that's that's the analogy here so
when it's really really moving the Dow
should be moving in sympathy with the es
and NASDAQ but if in the morning session
we open up and it starts doing like it
did this morning that means I already
know that I'm going to have visibility
issues with the Precision so then I have
to go back to okay that means it we
decoupled so at some point later on in
the session there's going to be a smt
Divergence and they're going to go back
in sync the Dallas is simply telling me
no we're not going down there right now
so I'm going to be looking for what I'm
going to be looking for the S&P because
this one's going to be fuzzy compared to
the obvious imbalances and stuff that we
saw over here that I annotated and you
can see the price is reacting off
of we're seeing a lot of overlapping in
here let me let me magnify this one
again we're seeing a lot of the uh give
and take back and forth delivery of
price
here every Candlestick the range keeps
overlapping with the previous one
there's a lot of revisiting of the same
prices so this this is like fuzzy type
of price action compared
to see how much more nice and refined
every little range we were able to see
the the the bearish fa value Gap here
the change in the state of liquidity
bang hits it the body stayed inside the
volume imbalance here we have a volume
imbalance here the body starts in there
leaves it doesn't come back up into it
that's weakness drops down I told you
this is going to be an inversion fa Val
Gap but I also said it may not even come
back down and touch it and I told you
how to use that inversion Fair B Gap as
an entry how I would use it and how I
would use it to make sure I get into the
tree because I may not get that what
which didn't come to return and repic
back down into it and I told you I want
to see that fair value Gap stay open
that would be a Breakaway G and it would
take us right back up into what is this
oh look at the bodies here respecting
the firstent value G that's completely
random isn't it no it's [__] coded to
do
that hello and you think it's buying and
selling pressure it's believe that's
unbelievable it's literally unbelievable
the volume in Balance I annotated over
here because this is all part of what
what is this what is this right here
Market maker buy model does the market
maker buy model have to come back up and
clear out the original consolidation no
no it doesn't
it does not have to do that but you have
to know where it's going to draw to and
you were told
that so the volume bounce here it trades
above it comes back down a little tiny
little bit outside of it comes right to
the top of it and then sends it right
into the promised land the first present
of fair value G that's always been in
your charts but You' never noticed it
why because woff didn't teach that
because Elliot wave never even heard of
it pitchforks don't even get me [__]
started I stuck a pitchfork in the
Market's ass today right in front of all
you it literally was laid out in front
of you perfectly in a hard Market
environment where everybody else out
there is going to be scratching her head
saying wow you know I'm trying to trade
es is a mess oh wow I'm trying to trade
Dow what the hell's going on here this
is thing this is going all over place
it's the mess it's a mess and maybe you
were in the NASDAQ maybe you were maybe
you were trying to trade short on this
first Gap and you're scratching your
head thinking oh they changed the
algorithm does it sound like I changed a
[__] thing today no nope didn't
change anything everything's the same
way it's going to be the same way until
these markets no longer exist and you're
not allowed to trade in them you're
going to see these things in effect
period this is the way it is you don't
have to believe me it's actually better
if you don't this is means there's an
supply of liquidity because that means
you're going to be on the other side of
my [__] trades you're gonna be on the
other side of my students trades either
you're you're in the Train the train of
thought that I'm teaching and you're not
being cannibalized then
you're not going to fall victim to this
stuffff you're not going to be tricked
and deceived by Price action and
thinking about the market runs off of
bull flags and bare flags and cup and
handle patterns and that's horseshit all
that stuff is nonsense it's literally
nonsense and the sooner you come to the
realization that these markets are
[__] rigged and they're to the tick
rigged and it's time based delivery the
sooner you're going to be to where
you're trying to be which is
consistently finding setups that yield
profitability but that's a huge leap
from your first Endeavor of trying to
learn how to do this whether it be with
me or someone else to getting to that
point because you have all these things
in your head that you're rushing to try
to get done I want to be profitable
right now you can't be profitable right
now you have to learn how to fix
yourself and in a day like today this is
a complex day for someone that doesn't
how to trade it's very difficult and I
have no shame in saying that it's a more
difficult day obviously you can see what
I'm talking about is is happening in the
chart as it happened real time in one
minute basis so it's not that I don't
know what I'm doing but I'm agreeing
with you if you feel that the
adversities in environments like
this because it makes you feel like
you're you're somehow ill equipped
mentally or you don't have the capacity
to learn how to do it because the the
market feels like it's always beating
you down it's just you're trying to
force something in an economic climate
that we're in front of an election
that's historic there's a whole lot of
corruption everywhere the markets are
absolutely rigged and they're doing a
lot of things right now in the last
three years that they've never done
before they've never done these types of
wow whipsaw but then get right back in
the sink
again there's a whole lot of hand
involvement in this okay and if you've
had a lot of difficulty in the last year
or so or you made lots of money but you
just barely made some
money it it's not technically your fault
it's not technically your fault and
if you can just accept the fact
that you can learn this given enough
time as long as you don't force it too
fast if you're not trying to be correct
about
everything you stand a better chance
than you probably given yourself the the
the scheduled destination goal that
you've created for yourself because you
have a time that you want to be
profitable and you can't do that because
as soon as you set a date that you this
is the day I'm going to quit my job
because I did that stuff I did that I
out of so many deadline dates that I was
going to quit my job and I had to keep
pushing that date further in the future
because I was setting a date that I was
going to quit my
job and when it came to I don't care
about that I need to learn how to do
this and know that I'm comfortable
knowing what's going to happen in the
marketplace and then I can if I could
see it if I
could create these advantages
that are going to be outside the scope
and reach of everyone
else then then it's a lock I'll know it
when I know it and that's the same thing
for you it's the same thing with when
you want to trade with real money when
do you when do you migrate from a demo
account to live trading with real
money I don't know that for you but
you're going to know it when you can sit
out in front of a chart not in front of
me like or anyone else like I'm doing
here you that's not necessity but when
you sit in front of the charts and can
see what it's going to do and you're not
swayed you're not you're not feeling
impulsive that I have to get in this
trade because I feel like I'm going to
be right and I need that scratched itch
I need to feel good about something when
you're when you're no longer replacing
something that you're feeling in your
job your personal life your relationship
that void of discomfort or
unpleasantness or lack of Happiness if
you're not looking for your trades to to
reward or fill in that place in your
life
and you're con consistently able to see
what price is going to do when you're
not being SED from outward influences me
anyone else online um anything but you
can still see what price is going to do
and you know how to enter it and where
your stock would be and you have no
emotional stimuli around the outcome of
it that is the shest way to know that
you're ready for trading with real money
because if you trade any time prior to
that I promise you you you started too
soon and you're probably going to blow
your account or you're going to have a
whole lot of draw down and then you're
going to create scar tissue and it makes
it so much harder to do it with real
money I made those mistakes in 1992 I
started literally a month after reading
a book that book was not even good and I
blew out half my account in the first
trade it was an option trade in Orange
ju and a lot of you know the story but
that created such a
fear and I'm teaching you in this
mentorship the same way I'm teaching my
son is to sit out here and engage price
action with no monetary link to it none
whatsoever
none he tried it again he failed his TOP
Step he got it he passed it but he lost
it because he's trying to do before he
should simply learn how to do
it all he's doing is confirming how I'm
teaching is the correct way in this
mentorship the making money part that's
the easy part but that you have to
arrive at the right
mindset and if you
force trying to be profitable before
you're even equipped mentally to be able
to do it you got to be able to say no a
lot more than saying yes to a
trade and you'll never hear a teacher or
author of a book say that there has to
be more instances where you'll say as an
analyst and Trader no I'm not interested
even though you can sit there and say
it's going to go here it's not it's most
likely not going to go here but it's
going to go here but no I'm not entering
that trade
see to a new student or to a jack leg
online that sounds asinine that sounds
counterintuitive it's like who would who
would do that that's someone that's
unprofitable talking like that but
someone that says no
frequently and says yes to high
probability conditions and setups that's
a person that's going to have a long
long career it's going to have longevity
it's going to be consistently profitable
they're going to have losing trades but
their losing trades are not going to
cause them to Tail Spin and go into Full
Tilt and blow their account
that's that's the characteristics that
that make a stark contrast between
someone that simply says I'm a Trader
I've made money look at this but they're
only showing you those instances where
it's worked they're not showing you that
they've never had any profitability the
rest of the time that week they're only
showing you those little sing those
single hits here it is here it is here
it is and they're hiding and you know
avoiding all that stuff you you know who
they are they're people that show
screenshots after a fact they don't even
have a sop boss in there
come
on we're past all that now we're past
all that I'm so
happy to be a mentor that has encouraged
other people to record their trades with
a stop loss and managing it and if you
can tell who's learned from me it's like
a badge of honor for me to to see people
on the internet and they're recording
their trades I don't they don't need to
have anything annotated on their chart I
already know they're my student I
already know how they're entering how
the fact that they're even recording it
and the things that they're pointing to
as where it's going to go to next it's a
dead giveaway it's a dead giveaway and
I'm so glad that it's my students that
bring that you don't see all these other
people in these School of thoughts doing
that it's an ICT characteristic it's a
thing that's rubbed off it's in your
it's in your DNA daddy gave that to you
okay well we can walk out there and
prove that we can manage the trade from
beginning to end with a stop loss over
and over and over and over and over and
over
every single day it's going to be there
every single week it's going to be
there but in the beginning they're not
all for you they're all learning
opportunities they're all for your
edification and your learning but in the
future you're going to see that there's
going to be a whole lot less trades that
you're going to be taking so you think
that I'm taking thousands of trades in a
month I'm
not I'm not doing that I'm looking for
the ones that are just the easy slow
ride in
with no adversities it's low resistance
liquidity runs I don't have any static
no friction it's just a slide on and
there it is thank
you that's what you want as a Trader but
I had no one defined that for me when I
was first starting in
1992 like I didn't have that I had Larry
Williams telling me to watch
accumulation distribution Williams for
are overbought oversold and look for you
know swing highs and swing
lows that was that was it and open just
declining when we're in a consolidation
so if there's a premium between the
nearby contract and the next month out
then it's probably going to be a
commercial bu market and I was spending
my time looking for that stuff and all
that stuff works if you're working on a
daily chart but I don't trade on a daily
chart I trade intr day charts because I
want to be in there using
velocity if I go in there and take a
trade
on that is meant to hold for three
months six months how much can I really
get out of that move
like I I can't really I can't really do
much more than what it's offering
because at some point you can over
leverage to the point where you can't
afford to trade any more contracts and
I'm not a fan of new Equity Building in
pyramided positions in that too I hurt
myself doing that in the
90s so
here in lower time frames I can roll an
account over and over and over again
with multiple setups and the velocity
using new setups with new gearing using
the new Equity at a new trade entry that
velocity can parlay the account up
faster when these other people out there
are holding on these hodlers these hold
on for dear life people that doesn't
make any damn sense to me okay because
if you know how to trade you can go into
any given time frame and Roll and Roll
and Roll and continuously build up build
up build up with new positions and as
you make new Equity you're never risking
any more than your fixed uh percentage
of risk so if you have adopted a 1% risk
model that means every trade you take
doesn't go over 1% as you make more
Equity you can afford to control more
contracts or Lots if you're trading with
Forex so the risk is never increasing
percentage wise but because your Equity
is increasing and
your ability to to allow velocity in the
acceleration of the equity growth that's
why intraday trading and that's why high
frequency trading is the mechanism of
these entities that's what they do they
don't go out there and buy and hold for
a long periods of time that's not what
they
do they work inside these fluctuations
like this that's what a high frequency
trading algorithm does it's buying and
selling all day long but it's using a
lot of the things that I'm showing you
here and they repeat over and over and
over again and I would love to talk to
you two more but I gave you another
what's that 22 minutes more than should
have but uh it's extra and I didn't have
to charge you for it so I'm going to
close this one here I've had a lot of
fun sitting down with you today I hope
you learned something I hope it was able
to uh guide you through this morning
hope you didn't hurt yourself and came
away with some more insights if you like
what you learned today I appreciate it
give it a thumbs up it doesn't cost you
anything doesn't make me make any more
money or make any less money but uh if
you like these kind of lectures it's
it's a way for you to sound off and say
you know I'm paying attention I C I
heard what you said today I watched it
unfold today and I was a witness to it
so until I talk to you next time I don't
know if it'll be tomorrow morning let me
just say that right now I don't know if
I'm going to be doing an afternoon
session or if it's an AM session so so
grant me a little bit of flexibility
I'll let you know um early on tomorrow
probably like 7:30 or so if I'm going to
be live streaming the morning session or
the afternoon I have to I have to
determine what my personal schedule is
going to be like tomorrow because there
something I have to get done and if I
can get it done today I'll be able to
trade tomorrow or live stream in front
of you rather and then if I can't get it
done today then I'm going to be doing
that tomorrow morning that would prevent
me from being live streaming uh the
morning session I would then defer it to
the afternoon so we'll have to play it
by year so just afford me that uh that
that much latitude here so until I talk
to you then Lord willing be safe